Migrate SQL docs (#521)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/reference/pages/sql/sql-functions/string-functions/index.adoc

= Overview
:description: String functions are used to analyze and manipulate string values.

> String functions are used to analyze and manipulate string values. Redpanda SQL supports the following string related functions and operators:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use string functions to analyze and manipulate string values. Redpanda SQL supports the following string related functions and operators:
```
